lib: date_time: refactor NTP server usage (#6453)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/date_time.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The date-time library retrieves the date-time information and stores it as Zephyr time and modem time.

Overview
********

Date-time information update can be triggered to this library by the following means:

* Periodic date-time updates with the frequency determined by the option :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_UPDATE_INTERVAL_SECONDS`.

> * Triggering of the date-time update by the client using :c:func:`date_time_update_async` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By the client using the :c:func:`date_time_update_async` function.
```

> * External date-time source from which the date-time information is set to this library with :c:func:`date_time_set` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* External date-time source from which the date-time information is set to this library with the :c:func:`date_time_set` function.
```

* Automatic update when connecting to LTE network if the option :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_AUTO_UPDATE` is set.
* Notification about date-time information coming from the modem through AT%XTIME notification.

> When this library retrieves date-time information, it is fetched in the following prioritized order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this library retrieves the date-time information, it is fetched in the following prioritized order:
```

1. The library checks if the current date-time information is valid and relatively new.

>    If the date-time information currently set in the library was obtained sometime during the interval set by :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_TOO_OLD_SECONDS`, the library does not fetch new date-time information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the date-time information currently set in the library was obtained sometime during the interval set by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_TOO_OLD_SECONDS` option, the library does not fetch new date-time information.
```

   In this way, unnecessary update cycles are avoided.

> #. If the aforementioned check fails and :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_MODEM` is set, the library requests time from the onboard modem of nRF9160.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If the check fails and the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_MODEM` option is set, the library requests time from the onboard modem of nRF9160.
```

> #. If the time information obtained from the onboard modem of nRF9160 is not valid and :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_NTP` is set, the library requests time from an NTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If the time information obtained from the onboard modem of nRF9160 is not valid and the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_NTP` option is set, the library requests time from an NTP server.
```

#. If the NTP time request does not succeed, the library tries to request time information from a different NTP server, before it fails.

> Current date-time information is stored as Zephyr time when it has been retrieved and hence applications can also get the time using the POSIX function ``clock_gettime``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current date-time information is stored as Zephyr time when it has been retrieved and hence, applications can also get the time using the POSIX function ``clock_gettime``.
```

Libraries that require date-time information can just enable this library to get updated time information.
Applications do not need to do anything to trigger time update when they start because this library handles it automatically.

> Retrieving date-time information using POSIX function ``clock_gettime`` is encouraged when feasible
> but it can be obtained from the library too, either call the :c:func:`date_time_uptime_to_unix_time_ms` function or the :c:func:`date_time_now` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieving date-time information using the POSIX function ``clock_gettime`` is encouraged when feasible.
You can obtain the information also from the library by calling either the :c:func:`date_time_uptime_to_unix_time_ms` function or the :c:func:`date_time_now` function.
```

Configure the following options to fine-tune the behavior of the library:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_UPDATE_INTERVAL_SECONDS` - Control the frequency with which the library fetches the time information.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_TOO_OLD_SECONDS` - Control the time when date-time update is applied if previous update was done earlier.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_NTP_QUERY_TIME_SECONDS` - Timeout for a single NTP query.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_THREAD_STACK_SIZE` - Configure the stack size of the date-time update thread.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_IPV6` - Enable use of IPv6 for NTP. Uses fallback to IPv4 if IPv6 is not available.

Samples using the library
*************************

The following |NCS| samples and applications use this library:

* :ref:`asset_tracker_v2`
* :ref:`serial_lte_modem`
* :ref:`location_sample`
* :ref:`gnss_sample`
* :ref:`modem_shell_application`
* :ref:`aws_iot`
* :ref:`lwm2m_client`

Limitations
***********

The date-time library can only have one application registered at a time.
If there is already an application handler registered, another registration will override the existing handler.

> Also, using :c:func:`date_time_update_async` function will override the existing handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, using the :c:func:`date_time_update_async` function will override the existing handler.
```
